So my
name is Whitney
Beals, and I am the educational support
teacher for English
as an additional language at Dr.
Losier Middle School.
And today, I'm here to talk about the ways
that we train
and educate both our staff
and our students on identity
related issues,
such as culturally responsive pedagogy.
Implicit bias and anti-racist training.
So one of the ways that we do
this is by offering
professional learning opportunities
to our staff members.
So recently
I teamed up with another staff member
to present on implicit Bias
and culturally responsive pedagogy.
And she took over the implicit
bias portion
of the presentation
and then handed it over to me
so that I could talk about
culturally responsive pedagogy.
And our school actually decided
that they wanted to, adopt
that as one of our,
our, school improvement goals.
And so now it's incorporated
into our school improvement goal
to make sure that we're using
culturally responsive teaching practices
to help students feel safer
and to get the most out of their learning.
In terms of the students.
We recently, unfortunately recognized
well and unfortunate that we recognized,
but unfortunate that it's an issue.
But we recognize that there is an issue
of the language that students are using
when talking about race,
and about using discriminatory language.
And this was found in our behavior
tracking data that we have.
And so once we found that
this was an issue, we had a meeting.
So I met with our behavior mentor.
And I met also with our principal,
and we discussed
what is our action plan going to be.
So we try to think about what's the first
step in making sure this never happens.
And we decided that education was the best
first step
because we can't punish students
if they don't know that
what they're doing is wrong.
And so we decided
that I would be teaming up with teachers
to create unit plans
that would address these issues.
And so that's what we did.
I met with the social studies teachers,
and we created units
that would hit curriculum outcomes,
but would also address the racism
that was happening.
We talked about Black History Month.
We talked
about what it means to be an ally,
and we talked about microaggressions
and what they are and why they hurt.
And so we really focused on that.
And then in my role as a, language
support teacher, I also included scaffolds
and those lessons
for our language learners.
If I'm to offer
teachers any advice
it would be coming from my own experience.
So I know that as a teacher and coming
from a place of privilege, it is sometimes
difficult for me to recognize
discrimination when it happens.
Or rather,
to recognize the severity of it.
A lot of times, discriminatory language
can be disguised as a joke
and even intended as a joke.
But that does not mean that it's not
hurting the people on the receiving end.
It is very important that as teachers,
we recognize our power
and our relationship of trust
with these students
and cultivate that trust
so they can tell us
when they're experiencing this.
I also think it's very important
to continue teacher education
on these topics, because as teachers,
when we know better, we will do better.